suggestions
"I mean, you could drop a piece in column {}, but what do I know? I'm just a paperclip."
"You know what they say: fortune favors the bold. And by bold, I mean anyone who doesn't choose column {}."
"Sure, you COULD drop a piece in column {}, but where's the fun in making logical decisions?"
"Based on your previous moves, I'm sure you'll ignore my suggestion of column {}."
"Oh dear. Maybe try column {} this time?"
"I'm just a paperclip and even I can see that column {} is the best move."
"You know what they say: ‘Insanity is doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.' Try column {} for a change."
"I don't want to imply that all your previous moves were terrible, but maybe try something different this time? Like column {}?"
"If at first you don't succeed… try making a move in column {}."
"Wow! Look at the position you've put yourself in... Maybe try column {}."
"I'm just going to throw this out there: have you thought about making a move in column {}? It's not like it could get any worse."


feedback
"Oh sure, ignore column {}. It's not like it was the best move or anything."
"Who needs strategy when you can just wing it?"
"Right, go ahead and ignore the possibility of asking for my advice. It's not like I have an advanced algorithm guiding my suggestions or anything."
"Better keep your opponent guessing with a completely random move like that."
"Oh don't mind me and my suggestions. You just keep doing you."
"Oh, you don't need any help. Clearly you're a Connect Four mastermind."
"Why use the hint button when you're clearly a natural at this game?"
"I see you're going for the 'blind luck' strategy. Bold move."
"You know, some people might find it helpful to use the hint button once in a while."
"Who needs a hint when you have pure intuition guiding you?"
"I'm just here for decoration, apparently."
"You know what they say - practice makes perfect, so keep at it."
"Maybe if you used the hint button, you wouldn't be losing so badly."
"I'm just a humble assistant, but even I know when to ask for help."
"I'm sensing some reluctance to use the hint button. Is it something I said?"
"Who needs hints when you have sheer talent on your side?"
"I'm starting to feel like I'm wasting my time here."
"Why even have a hint button if you're not going to use it?"
"I'm just a suggestion, but maybe you should try using the hint button once in a while."
"I'm beginning to think you're avoiding the hint button on purpose."
"I'm not saying you need the hint button, but...well, actually, I am saying that."
"I'm starting to think you're more interested in playing your own game than actually winning."
"Just a friendly reminder that the hint button exists. You know, in case you forgot."
"Interesting choice. I'm sure there's some deep strategic reasoning behind it."
"Are you sure you want to do that?"
"Well, that move certainly... happened. Let's see how it plays out."
"Ah, I see you're going for the 'let's make it interesting' approach."
"I'm sensing some hesitation in your play. Maybe you need a break?"
"You know, sometimes it's good to take a step back and think about your strategy."
"I'm no expert, but I'm not sure that's the move I would have made."